.TH "KKTERMINAL" "1" "0.0.7" "K. D. Hedger" ""
.SH "NAME"
kkterminal - Manual page for kkterminal
.br

.SH "SYNTAX"
kkterminal [ \fIOPTIONS\fR ] \fIFOLDER\fR ...
.br
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
KKTerminal is a simple small terminal emulator for gtk2/3.
.br
.SH "OPTIONS"

\fB-h\fR, \fB--help\fR
.br
	Show help options
.br
\fB-v\fR, \fB--version\fR
.br
	Show version etc
.br

\fB-m\fR, \fB--multiple\fR
.br
	Multiple instance mode
.br

\fB-w\fR, \fB--width\fR
.br
	Use width from command line
.br
\fB-g\fR, \fB--height\fR
.br
	Use height from command line
.br
\fB-x\fR, \fB--xpos\fR
.br
	Use xpos from command line
.br
\fB-y\fR, \fB--ypos\fR
.br
	Use ypos from command line
.br

\fB-c\fR, \fB--command\fR=\fIARG\fR
.br
	Execute \fIARG\fR in new tab
.br
\fB-n\fR, \fB--new-tab\fR=\fIARG\fR
.br
	Open a new tab in \fIARG\fR
.br
\fB-t\fR, \fB--tab\fR
.br
	Open a new tab in PWD.
.br
\fB-e\fR, \fB-execute\fR \fI...\fR
.br
	Consume the rest of the command line and execute it in a new tab.
.br
.SH "EXAMPLES"
Open new instance of kkterminal and list the contents of '/'
.br
	kkterminal -m --command="ls /"
.br

Open /usr and / in new tabs in running copy of kkterminal
.br
	kkterminal --new-tab=/usr --new-tab=/
.br

Open new instance of kkterminal at pos 100,200 with width=800 and height=400
.br
	kkterminal -m -x 100 -y 200 -w 800 -g 400
.br

Bring kkterminal to front ( or start if not running )
.br
	kkterminal
.br

Open a new tab, then run the rest of the command line in a new tab
.br
	kkterminal --tab -e man kkterminal
.br
.SH "FILES"
~/.KKTerminal/kkterminal.rc
.br

forecol	white
.br
backcol	black
.br
windowsize	1311 345 382 1142
.br
font	Monospace 10
.br
showmbar	1
.br
iconsinmenu	1
.br

forecol/backcol set colours.
.br
windowsize is reset to current sindow size/position when exiting.
.br
font set fon and size.
.br
showmbar set via the main application.
.br
iconsinmenu set to 1 to show icons in menus in gtk3 or 0 to use standard gtk3 menus.
.br
.SH "SEE ALSO"

\fBWebsite\fR:
.br
http://khapplications.darktech.org/index.html
.br

\fBKKEdit\fR:
.br
http://kkedit.darktech.org/
.br

\fBXDecorations\fR:
.br
http://khapplications.darktech.org/pages/xdecorations/xdecorations.html
.br

\fBXfce-Theme-Manager\fR:
.br
http://khapplications.darktech.org/pages/apps.html#themeed
.br

\fBXfce4-Composite-Editor\fR:
.br
http://khapplications.darktech.org/pages/apps.html#xfcecomp
.br

\fBManpage Editor\fR:
.br
http://khapplications.darktech.org/pages/manpageeditor/help.html
.br

\fBGtkSu\fR:
.br
http://khapplications.darktech.org/pages/gtksu/gtksu.html
.br

\fBASpell GUI\fR:
.br
http://khapplications.darktech.org/pages/aspellgui/aspelgui.html
.br

\fBClipboard Viewer\fR:
.br
http://khapplications.darktech.org/pages/clipviewer/clip.html
.br

Development versions can be found here:
.br
http://github.com/KeithDHedger
.br
.SH "AUTHORS"
K.D.Hedger.
.br
keithhedger@keithhedger.darktech.org
.br
Bugs etc to the above email address.
.br
